mike dana kivitz cap and armored bar
live and his medical equipment the site
web
yo everyone knew marty I hope
that you are well end up for
a new video to have
unlimited money for ports I
specifies well for the ports after the
patch 1.16 first of all you're going to
make solo mode go online
play online gta and you will take
a session for you and your friends
in group
this empty if you will not be able to sell
hurt of the vehicle that are on the street
between 1000 and 10 thousand dollars which
is really not bad is really a
quickly you will see that I say
that's what the poor
represents are rich enough like me
it will be useless so I sting him
a vehicle on the street and I will go
sell it to custom did not exist
put a live on the video guys and
make a comment
how much do you think I'm
sure only to guys who said this
video then you leave in solo mode
as I did by choosing the
characters and once arrived in mode
solo you make sarthe online play
online and you leave in a session
for you and your friends and you do that
unlimited you are here again you vehicle
resell it etc. so I was sure
Kanak who are going dislike is to oblige the
videos it's at least a little video
really easy my little glitch I
advise all the people who come
from dd discover gta who come from
cowardice or else so here I am you
say allah next I 'll leave you on
these images and everyone else